[Applause]
a little dog yard
it's the perfect rivalry the baseline
player and the net Russia offset mr.
Bourg how does it feel knowing you could
make history if you win your fifth
bubble
[Music]
no special feelings just funny
the only thing standing between Borg and
that record is you
as different as two people could
possibly be busy backstage assume you
see like James
but playing Borg is like being hit by a
sledgehammer the pyramid does it best
in Verdun how do you respond to comment
from before the tournament they walk the
machine will soon break down I'm just
like anybody else I'm not a machine
gives me that much before we get through
there any who eat and beyond don't wanna
be on Danton
you don't understand what the it
takes to play tennis shut up
but people you know I go out there and I
give everything for this game everything
everything in me gets left out on that
court and now do you understand
because now you do it
it's not
so show
[Applause]
they don't always do shell first
[Music]
you
[Applause]